> This project represents a simple feedback form built as an iOS and Android application by using Expo and React Native.
> In this application, data validation of input fields is implemented by using regular expressions:
> -Regular expression for name input requires two words whose first letters are capitalized. Both words can have up to 16 letters.
> -Regular expressions for phone number input requires sequence of 10 digits. The first three numbers can be in parentheses. Sequences of first three digits, second three digits and last four digits can be separated either by dash, by dot, or not separated at all. This regular expression also suports phone number formats with plus sign at the start of the digit sequence.
> -Regular expression for e-mail address input accepts Unicode characters.
> JSON Server Node Module is used as a fake REST API server which handles http requests (in this application-only POST requests for sending form input data). Only requirement for JSON Server to work properly is a JSON file for sampling data which acts as a database. In this project, data.json file is used for that purpose.
> For handling CRUD operations and easier communication with server "axios" package is used.
> All text data input is implemented by creating one "DataInput" component that can easily be reused if we want to add new text input elements.
> "react-native-community/slider" module represents a React Native component used to select a single value from a range of values and in this project is used for the implementation of emoji slider and rating users experience with scalling from 1 to 5. With many useful properties it enables easy configuration of "Slider" component, from choosing colors of minimum and maximum track to handling change of the slider value.
> For rating users experience, the collection of emojis is displayed in a flex container by mapping array of emojis, where each array element contains emoji and its text description. Two different styles can be applied for each emoji element; one style in case an emoji has been selected, and other one in case an emoji has not been selected. That way, only one emoji is displayed at a time, which results with smoother animation when sliding through emoji elements.
